#### [1.3.5 Identify Input Purpose (AA)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/identify-input-purpose.html)

In an text input form the purpose of each input field that collects information about the user can be understood by Assistive Technologies and browsers, when:
The input field serves a purpose that relates to the user of the content.
The content is created using HTML or supported by a language which can identify the expected meaning.


##### Why is this a problem?

* People with language and memory problems or disabilities benefit from the browser auto-filling their information.
* People with motor impairments also benefit from not having to fill in forms with the same information when the browser can do it for them.


##### Requirements / What to do?

* A form may be written in a way where its purpose or the purpose of some of the components is not clear. This can be passed by using the
[HTML 5.2 autocomplete attributes](https://www.w3.org/TR/html52/sec-forms.html#sec-autofill), on fields that collect information about the user.  

<strong>NOTE:</strong> Remember that you only need to add Autocomplete attributes to inputs that collect <strong>information about the user</strong>.

##### Common mistakes

* Building a form that collects information about the user without the autocomplete (or other semantic that identifies the purpose of the input).



##### Useful resources

* Find out [how to use the HTML 5.2 autocomplete](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Techniques/html/H98) attributes.
* An [example of a form using autocomplete](http://john.foliot.ca/demos/autofill.php) - (Thanks to John Foliot)

<strong>NOTE:</strong> If you view the example form using the browser inspection tools or ‘View Source’ you will see the autocomplete attributes added to the various form inputs that relate to the user.

<code>
&lt;h2&gt;Personal Information&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;label for=&quot;1&quot;&gt;Name&lt;/label&gt; &lt;input type=&quot;text&quot; name=&quot;1&quot; id=&quot;1&quot; autocomplete=&quot;name&quot;&gt;
&lt;label for=&quot;2&quot;&gt;Honorific / Prefix&lt;/label&gt; &lt;input type=&quot;text&quot; name=&quot;2&quot; id=&quot;2&quot; autocomplete=&quot;honorific-prefix&quot;&gt;
&lt;label for=&quot;3&quot;&gt;Given Name&lt;/label&gt; &lt;input type=&quot;text&quot; name=&quot;3&quot; id=&quot;3&quot; autocomplete=&quot;given-name&quot;&gt;
&lt;label for=&quot;4&quot;&gt;Additional Name&lt;/label&gt; &lt;input type=&quot;text&quot; name=&quot;4&quot; id=&quot;4&quot; autocomplete=&quot;additional-name&quot;&gt;
&lt;label for=&quot;5&quot;&gt;Family name&lt;/label&gt; &lt;input type=&quot;text&quot; name=&quot;5&quot; id=&quot;5&quot; autocomplete=&quot;family-name&quot;&gt;
&lt;label for=&quot;6&quot;&gt;Honorific Suffix&lt;/label&gt; &lt;input type=&quot;text&quot; name=&quot;6&quot; id=&quot;6&quot; autocomplete=&quot;honorific-suffix&quot;&gt;
</code>

Example of a form collecting data on a user with autofill examples.
